feat(cli): send telemetry events to local file (#631)
aws/aws-cdk-cli: packages/aws-cdk/README.md

The command will fail if `--unstable=gc` is not passed in, which acknowledges that the user
is aware of the caveats in place for the feature.

### `telemetry-file`

Send your telemetry data to a local file (note that `--telemetry-file` is unstable, and must
be passed in conjunction with `--unstable=telemetry`).

```bash
cdk list --telemetry-file=my/file/path --unstable=telemetry
```

The supplied path must be a non existing file. If the file exists, it will fail to log telemetry
data but the command itself will continue uninterrupted.

> > Note: [opting out](https://github.com/aws/aws-cdk-rfcs/blob/main/text/0732-cdk-cli-telemetry.md#opt-out)
> > of sending telemetry data to AWS has no effect on the `--telemetry-file` option, and vice versa.
> > If you specify `--telemetry-file`, we will log your telemetry data to the given file path.
> > Independently, we will send telemetry data to AWS if `cdk cli-telemetry --status` says it is enabled.

Author: ```suggestion
> Note: The file will be written to regardless of your opt-out status.
```
